README.md, before:

[![Stand With Ukraine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vshymanskyy/StandWithUkraine/main/banner2-direct.svg)](https://vshymanskyy.github.io/StandWithUkraine)

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://webdriver.io/">
        <img alt="WebdriverIO" src="https://webdriver.io/assets/images/robot-3677788dd63849c56aa5cb3f332b12d5.svg" width="146">
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    Next-gen browser and mobile automation test framework for Node.js.
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/actions/workflows/test.yml">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://snyk.io/advisor/npm-package/webdriverio">
        <img alt="Package Health" src="https://snyk.io/advisor/npm-package/webdriverio/badge.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/projects/5589">
        <img alt="OpenSSF Best Practices" src="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/5589/badge">
    </a>
    <a title="Crowdin" target="_blank" href="https://translate.webdriver.io/project/webdriver-io">
        <img src="https://badges.crowdin.net/webdriver-io/localized.svg">
    </a>
    <br />
    <a href="https://discord.webdriver.io">
        <img alt="Support Channel" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1097401827202445382?color=%234FB898&label=Join%20us%20on%20Discord">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc">
        <img alt="Issue Resolution time" src="http://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/webdriverio/webdriverio.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc">
        <img alt="Open issues" src="http://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/webdriverio/webdriverio.svg">
    </a>
</p>

***

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://webdriver.io">Homepage</a> |
    <a href="https://webdriver.io/docs/gettingstarted.html">Developer Guide</a> |
    <a href="https://webdriver.io/docs/api.html">API Reference</a> |
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contribute</a> |
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md">Changelog</a> |
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/ROADMAP.md">Roadmap</a>
</p>

***

WebdriverIO is a test automation framework, for e2e as well as unit and component testing in the browser, that allows you to run tests based on the [WebDriver](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/webdriver-spec.html), [WebDriver BiDi](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi) as well as [Chrome DevTools](https://chromedevtools.github.io/devtools-protocol/) protocol and [Appium](http://appium.io/) automation technology. It provides support for your favorite BDD/TDD test framework and will run your tests locally or in the cloud using Sauce Labs, BrowserStack, TestingBot or LambdaTest.

## :woman_technologist: :man_technologist: Contributing
Do you like WebdriverIO and want to help make it better? Awesome! Have a look into our [Contributor Documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started and find out what contributions can be and how to make them.

### Getting started with GitHub Codespaces

To get started, create a codespace for this repository by clicking this 👇

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&ref=main&repo=2296970)

A codespace will open in a web-based version of Visual Studio Code. The [dev container](.devcontainer/devcontainer.json) is fully configured with the software needed for this project.

**Note**: Dev containers are an open spec that is supported by [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces) and [other tools](https://containers.dev/supporting).

### Getting started with Gitpod

You can also just click on:

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio)

to get a ready-to-use development environment for you to start working on this code base.

If you're looking for issues to help out with, check out [the issues labeled "good first pick"](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A"good+first+pick"). You can also reach out to our [Matrix Channel](https://discord.webdriver.io) if you have questions on where to start contributing.

## :office: WebdriverIO for Enterprise

Available as part of the Tidelift Subscription.

The maintainers of WebdriverIO and thousands of other packages are working with Tidelift to deliver commercial support and maintenance for the open-source dependencies you use to build your applications. Save time, reduce risk, and improve code health, while paying the maintainers of the exact dependencies you use. [Learn more.](https://tidelift.com/subscription/pkg/npm-webdriverio?utm_source=npm-webdriverio&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=enterprise&utm_term=repo)

## :package: Packages

This repository contains some of the core packages of the WebdriverIO project. There are many wonderful [curated resources](https://github.com/webdriverio-community/awesome-webdriverio) the WebdriverIO community has put together.

__Did you build a WebdriverIO service or reporter?__ That's awesome! Please add it to our configuration wizard and docs (e.g. like in [this example commit](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/commit/3cb5937b968dfe93cf78871589019736a6c98d9e)) as well as to our [awesome-webdriverio](https://github.com/webdriverio-community/awesome-webdriverio) list. Thank you! 🙏 ❤️

### Core

- [webdriver](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/webdriver) - A Node.js bindings implementation for the W3C WebDriver and Mobile JSONWire Protocol
- [devtools](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/devtools) - A Chrome DevTools protocol binding that maps WebDriver commands into Chrome DevTools commands using Puppeteer
- [webdriverio](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/packages/webdriverio) - Next-gen browser and mobile automation test framework for Node.js
- [@wdio/cli](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-cli) - A WebdriverIO testrunner command line interface

### Helper

- [@wdio/config](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/packages/wdio-config) - A helper utility to parse and validate WebdriverIO options
- [@wdio/logger](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-logger) - A helper utility for logging WebdriverIO packages
- [@wdio/protocols](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-protocols) - Utility package providing information about automation protocols
- [@wdio/repl](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-repl) - A WDIO helper utility to provide a repl interface for WebdriverIO
- [@wdio/reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-reporter) - A WebdriverIO utility to help report all events
- [@wdio/runner](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-runner) - A WebdriverIO service that runs tests in arbitrary environments
- [@wdio/utils](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-utils) - A WDIO helper utility to provide several utility functions used across the project
- [@wdio/globals](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-globals) - A WDIO helper utility for importing global variables directly

### Reporter

- [@wdio/allure-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-allure-reporter) - A WebdriverIO reporter plugin to create Allure Test Reports
- [@wdio/concise-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-concise-reporter) - A WebdriverIO reporter plugin to create concise test reports
- [@wdio/dot-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-dot-reporter) - A WebdriverIO plugin to report in dot style
- [@wdio/junit-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-junit-reporter) - A WebdriverIO reporter that creates test results in XML format
- [@wdio/spec-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-spec-reporter) - A WebdriverIO plugin to report in spec style
- [@wdio/sumologic-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-sumologic-reporter) - A WebdriverIO reporter that sends test results to Sumologic for data analyses

### Services

- [@wdio/appium-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-appium-service) - A WebdriverIO service to start & stop Appium Server
- [@wdio/browserstack-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-browserstack-service) - A WebdriverIO service that can be used to use BrowserStack Test Observability which is a reporting, debugging, and test suite quality tracking tool for any test running anywhere. The service also helps for a better integration with the BrowserStack grid if you're running tests on the grid.
- [@wdio/crossbrowsertesting-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-crossbrowsertesting-service) - A WebdriverIO service that provides a better integration into CrossBrowserTesting
- [@wdio/devtools-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-devtools-service) - A WebdriverIO service that allows you to run Chrome DevTools commands in your tests
- [@wdio/firefox-profile-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-firefox-profile-service) - A WebdriverIO service that lets you define your Firefox profile in your wdio.conf.js
- [@wdio/sauce-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-sauce-service) - A WebdriverIO service that provides a better integration into Sauce Labs
- [@wdio/shared-store-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-shared-store-service) - A WebdriverIO service to exchange data across processes
- [@wdio/testingbot-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-testingbot-service) - A WebdriverIO service that provides a better integration into TestingBot

### Runner

- [@wdio/local-runner](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-local-runner) - A WebdriverIO runner to run tests locally
- [@wdio/browser-runner](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-browser-runner) - A WebdriverIO runner to run unit or component tests in the browser

### Framework Adapters

- [@wdio/cucumber-framework](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-cucumber-framework) - Adapter for [Cucumber](https://cucumber.io/) testing framework
- [@wdio/jasmine-framework](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-jasmine-framework) - Adapter for [Jasmine](https://jasmine.github.io/) testing framework
- [@wdio/mocha-framework](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-mocha-framework) - Adapter for [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) testing framework.

### Others

- [eslint-plugin-wdio](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin-wdio) - Eslint rules for WebdriverIO
- [@wdio/smoke-test-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-smoke-test-reporter) - A WebdriverIO utility to smoke test reporters for internal testing purposes
- [@wdio/smoke-test-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-smoke-test-service) - A WebdriverIO utility to smoke test services for internal testing purposes
- [@wdio/webdriver-mock-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-webdriver-mock-service) - A WebdriverIO service to stub all endpoints for internal testing purposes

## :handshake: Project Governance

This project is maintained by [awesome people](/AUTHORS.md) following a common [set of rules](/GOVERNANCE.md) and treating each other with [respect and appreciation](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## :man_cook: :woman_cook: Backers

[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/webdriverio) and show your support for our open-source project.

<a href="https://opencollective.com/webdriverio"><img src="https://opencollective.com/webdriverio/tiers/baker.svg?avatarHeight=36&width=600"></a>

## :money_with_wings: Sponsors

Does your company use WebdriverIO? Ask your manager or marketing team if your company would be interested in supporting our project. Support will allow the maintainers to dedicate more time to maintenance and new features for everyone. Also, your company's logo will show [on GitHub](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio#readme) - who doesn't want a little extra exposure? [Here's the info](https://opencollective.com/webdriverio).

<a href="https://opencollective.com/webdriverio"><img src="https://opencollective.com/webdriverio/tiers/gold-sponsor.svg?avatarHeight=36&width=600"></a>

### 💎 Premium Sponsor

We are immensely grateful to our exclusive Premium Sponsor for their invaluable support in the development of this project:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.browserstack.com/automation-webdriverio"><img src="https://webdriver.io/img/sponsors/browserstack_black.svg" alt="BrowserStack" /></a>
    &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
    <a href="https://saucelabs.com"><img src="https://webdriver.io/img/sponsors/saucelabs_black.svg" alt="Sauce Labs" width=400 /></a>
</p>

### 🥈 Silver Sponsor

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.lambdatest.com/"><img src="./.github/sponsors/LambdaTest_Black_Logo.svg" width="300" alt="Lambdatest" /></a>
</p>

### 🥉 Bronze Sponsor

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://eslint.org/"><img src="https://eslint.org/assets/images/logo/eslint-logo-color.png" alt="Eslint" /></a>
</p>

## :page_facing_up: License

[MIT](/LICENSE-MIT)

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fwebdriverio%2Fwebdriverio.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fwebdriverio%2Fwebdriverio?ref=badge_large)

## :beginner: Badge

Show the world you're using webdriver.io → [![tested with webdriverio](https://img.shields.io/badge/tested%20with-webdriver.io-%23ea5906)](https://webdriver.io/)

###### GitHub markup
```
[![tested with webdriver.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/tested%20with-webdriver.io-%23ea5906)](https://webdriver.io/)
```
###### HTML
```
<a href="https://webdriver.io/">
    <img alt="WebdriverIO" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tested%20with-webdriver.io-%23ea5906">
</a>
```

## :clap:  Supporters
[![Stargazers repo roster for WebdriverIO](https://reporoster.com/stars/webdriverio/webdriverio)](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/stargazers)
[![Forkers repo roster for WebdriverIO](https://reporoster.com/forks/webdriverio/webdriverio)](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/network/members)
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio#nastyox"><img src="http://randojs.com/images/barsSmall.gif" alt="Animated footer bars" width="100%"/></a></p>
<br/>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio#"><img src="http://randojs.com/images/backToTopButton.png" alt="Back to top" height="29"/></a></p>

Commit message:

(@wdio/lighthouse-service): migrate over from devtools service

README.md, after:

[![Stand With Ukraine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vshymanskyy/StandWithUkraine/main/banner2-direct.svg)](https://vshymanskyy.github.io/StandWithUkraine)

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://webdriver.io/">
        <img alt="WebdriverIO" src="https://webdriver.io/assets/images/robot-3677788dd63849c56aa5cb3f332b12d5.svg" width="146">
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    Next-gen browser and mobile automation test framework for Node.js.
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/actions/workflows/test.yml">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://snyk.io/advisor/npm-package/webdriverio">
        <img alt="Package Health" src="https://snyk.io/advisor/npm-package/webdriverio/badge.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/projects/5589">
        <img alt="OpenSSF Best Practices" src="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/5589/badge">
    </a>
    <a title="Crowdin" target="_blank" href="https://translate.webdriver.io/project/webdriver-io">
        <img src="https://badges.crowdin.net/webdriver-io/localized.svg">
    </a>
    <br />
    <a href="https://discord.webdriver.io">
        <img alt="Support Channel" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1097401827202445382?color=%234FB898&label=Join%20us%20on%20Discord">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc">
        <img alt="Issue Resolution time" src="http://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/webdriverio/webdriverio.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc">
        <img alt="Open issues" src="http://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/webdriverio/webdriverio.svg">
    </a>
</p>

***

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://webdriver.io">Homepage</a> |
    <a href="https://webdriver.io/docs/gettingstarted.html">Developer Guide</a> |
    <a href="https://webdriver.io/docs/api.html">API Reference</a> |
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contribute</a> |
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md">Changelog</a> |
    <a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/ROADMAP.md">Roadmap</a>
</p>

***

WebdriverIO is a test automation framework, for e2e as well as unit and component testing in the browser, that allows you to run tests based on the [WebDriver](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/webdriver-spec.html), [WebDriver BiDi](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi) as well as [Chrome DevTools](https://chromedevtools.github.io/devtools-protocol/) protocol and [Appium](http://appium.io/) automation technology. It provides support for your favorite BDD/TDD test framework and will run your tests locally or in the cloud using Sauce Labs, BrowserStack, TestingBot or LambdaTest.

## :woman_technologist: :man_technologist: Contributing
Do you like WebdriverIO and want to help make it better? Awesome! Have a look into our [Contributor Documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started and find out what contributions can be and how to make them.

### Getting started with GitHub Codespaces

To get started, create a codespace for this repository by clicking this 👇

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&ref=main&repo=2296970)

A codespace will open in a web-based version of Visual Studio Code. The [dev container](.devcontainer/devcontainer.json) is fully configured with the software needed for this project.

**Note**: Dev containers are an open spec that is supported by [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces) and [other tools](https://containers.dev/supporting).

### Getting started with Gitpod

You can also just click on:

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio)

to get a ready-to-use development environment for you to start working on this code base.

If you're looking for issues to help out with, check out [the issues labeled "good first pick"](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A"good+first+pick"). You can also reach out to our [Matrix Channel](https://discord.webdriver.io) if you have questions on where to start contributing.

## :office: WebdriverIO for Enterprise

Available as part of the Tidelift Subscription.

The maintainers of WebdriverIO and thousands of other packages are working with Tidelift to deliver commercial support and maintenance for the open-source dependencies you use to build your applications. Save time, reduce risk, and improve code health, while paying the maintainers of the exact dependencies you use. [Learn more.](https://tidelift.com/subscription/pkg/npm-webdriverio?utm_source=npm-webdriverio&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=enterprise&utm_term=repo)

## :package: Packages

This repository contains some of the core packages of the WebdriverIO project. There are many wonderful [curated resources](https://github.com/webdriverio-community/awesome-webdriverio) the WebdriverIO community has put together.

__Did you build a WebdriverIO service or reporter?__ That's awesome! Please add it to our configuration wizard and docs (e.g. like in [this example commit](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/commit/3cb5937b968dfe93cf78871589019736a6c98d9e)) as well as to our [awesome-webdriverio](https://github.com/webdriverio-community/awesome-webdriverio) list. Thank you! 🙏 ❤️

### Core

- [webdriver](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/webdriver) - A Node.js bindings implementation for the W3C WebDriver and Mobile JSONWire Protocol
- [devtools](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/devtools) - A Chrome DevTools protocol binding that maps WebDriver commands into Chrome DevTools commands using Puppeteer
- [webdriverio](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/packages/webdriverio) - Next-gen browser and mobile automation test framework for Node.js
- [@wdio/cli](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-cli) - A WebdriverIO testrunner command line interface

### Helper

- [@wdio/config](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/main/packages/wdio-config) - A helper utility to parse and validate WebdriverIO options
- [@wdio/logger](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-logger) - A helper utility for logging WebdriverIO packages
- [@wdio/protocols](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-protocols) - Utility package providing information about automation protocols
- [@wdio/repl](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-repl) - A WDIO helper utility to provide a repl interface for WebdriverIO
- [@wdio/reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-reporter) - A WebdriverIO utility to help report all events
- [@wdio/runner](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-runner) - A WebdriverIO service that runs tests in arbitrary environments
- [@wdio/utils](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-utils) - A WDIO helper utility to provide several utility functions used across the project
- [@wdio/globals](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-globals) - A WDIO helper utility for importing global variables directly

### Reporter

- [@wdio/allure-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-allure-reporter) - A WebdriverIO reporter plugin to create Allure Test Reports
- [@wdio/concise-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-concise-reporter) - A WebdriverIO reporter plugin to create concise test reports
- [@wdio/dot-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-dot-reporter) - A WebdriverIO plugin to report in dot style
- [@wdio/junit-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-junit-reporter) - A WebdriverIO reporter that creates test results in XML format
- [@wdio/spec-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-spec-reporter) - A WebdriverIO plugin to report in spec style
- [@wdio/sumologic-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-sumologic-reporter) - A WebdriverIO reporter that sends test results to Sumologic for data analyses

### Services

- [@wdio/appium-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-appium-service) - A WebdriverIO service to start & stop Appium Server
- [@wdio/browserstack-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-browserstack-service) - A WebdriverIO service that can be used to use BrowserStack Test Observability which is a reporting, debugging, and test suite quality tracking tool for any test running anywhere. The service also helps for a better integration with the BrowserStack grid if you're running tests on the grid.
- [@wdio/crossbrowsertesting-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-crossbrowsertesting-service) - A WebdriverIO service that provides a better integration into CrossBrowserTesting
- [@wdio/lighthouse-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-lighthouse-service) - A WebdriverIO service that integrates Google Lighthouse commands to use it for automate tests
- [@wdio/firefox-profile-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-firefox-profile-service) - A WebdriverIO service that lets you define your Firefox profile in your wdio.conf.js
- [@wdio/sauce-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-sauce-service) - A WebdriverIO service that provides a better integration into Sauce Labs
- [@wdio/shared-store-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-shared-store-service) - A WebdriverIO service to exchange data across processes
- [@wdio/testingbot-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-testingbot-service) - A WebdriverIO service that provides a better integration into TestingBot

### Runner

- [@wdio/local-runner](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-local-runner) - A WebdriverIO runner to run tests locally
- [@wdio/browser-runner](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-browser-runner) - A WebdriverIO runner to run unit or component tests in the browser

### Framework Adapters

- [@wdio/cucumber-framework](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-cucumber-framework) - Adapter for [Cucumber](https://cucumber.io/) testing framework
- [@wdio/jasmine-framework](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-jasmine-framework) - Adapter for [Jasmine](https://jasmine.github.io/) testing framework
- [@wdio/mocha-framework](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-mocha-framework) - Adapter for [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) testing framework.

### Others

- [eslint-plugin-wdio](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin-wdio) - Eslint rules for WebdriverIO
- [@wdio/smoke-test-reporter](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-smoke-test-reporter) - A WebdriverIO utility to smoke test reporters for internal testing purposes
- [@wdio/smoke-test-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-smoke-test-service) - A WebdriverIO utility to smoke test services for internal testing purposes
- [@wdio/webdriver-mock-service](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/wdio-webdriver-mock-service) - A WebdriverIO service to stub all endpoints for internal testing purposes

## :handshake: Project Governance

This project is maintained by [awesome people](/AUTHORS.md) following a common [set of rules](/GOVERNANCE.md) and treating each other with [respect and appreciation](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## :man_cook: :woman_cook: Backers

[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/webdriverio) and show your support for our open-source project.

<a href="https://opencollective.com/webdriverio"><img src="https://opencollective.com/webdriverio/tiers/baker.svg?avatarHeight=36&width=600"></a>

## :money_with_wings: Sponsors

Does your company use WebdriverIO? Ask your manager or marketing team if your company would be interested in supporting our project. Support will allow the maintainers to dedicate more time to maintenance and new features for everyone. Also, your company's logo will show [on GitHub](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio#readme) - who doesn't want a little extra exposure? [Here's the info](https://opencollective.com/webdriverio).

<a href="https://opencollective.com/webdriverio"><img src="https://opencollective.com/webdriverio/tiers/gold-sponsor.svg?avatarHeight=36&width=600"></a>

### 💎 Premium Sponsor

We are immensely grateful to our exclusive Premium Sponsor for their invaluable support in the development of this project:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.browserstack.com/automation-webdriverio"><img src="https://webdriver.io/img/sponsors/browserstack_black.svg" alt="BrowserStack" /></a>
    &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
    <a href="https://saucelabs.com"><img src="https://webdriver.io/img/sponsors/saucelabs_black.svg" alt="Sauce Labs" width=400 /></a>
</p>

### 🥈 Silver Sponsor

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.lambdatest.com/"><img src="./.github/sponsors/LambdaTest_Black_Logo.svg" width="300" alt="Lambdatest" /></a>
</p>

### 🥉 Bronze Sponsor

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://eslint.org/"><img src="https://eslint.org/assets/images/logo/eslint-logo-color.png" alt="Eslint" /></a>
</p>

## :page_facing_up: License

[MIT](/LICENSE-MIT)

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fwebdriverio%2Fwebdriverio.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fwebdriverio%2Fwebdriverio?ref=badge_large)

## :beginner: Badge

Show the world you're using webdriver.io → [![tested with webdriverio](https://img.shields.io/badge/tested%20with-webdriver.io-%23ea5906)](https://webdriver.io/)

###### GitHub markup
```
[![tested with webdriver.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/tested%20with-webdriver.io-%23ea5906)](https://webdriver.io/)
```
###### HTML
```
<a href="https://webdriver.io/">
    <img alt="WebdriverIO" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tested%20with-webdriver.io-%23ea5906">
</a>
```

## :clap:  Supporters
[![Stargazers repo roster for WebdriverIO](https://reporoster.com/stars/webdriverio/webdriverio)](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/stargazers)
[![Forkers repo roster for WebdriverIO](https://reporoster.com/forks/webdriverio/webdriverio)](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/network/members)
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio#nastyox"><img src="http://randojs.com/images/barsSmall.gif" alt="Animated footer bars" width="100%"/></a></p>
<br/>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio#"><img src="http://randojs.com/images/backToTopButton.png" alt="Back to top" height="29"/></a></p>
